Add Backend challenge (#15)
7Learnings/code-challenges: backend/README.md

# 7Learnings backend Code Challenges

The 7Learnings code challenge is an opportunity to demonstrate proficiency in the problem solving skills we expect you to use at 7Learnings.

## Coding environment

At 7Learnings, we use Python 3.12 as the main coding language. So it's strongly encouraged to create isolated Python environment using [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) to prepare yourself for the challenge.

First, create a python environment and install required packages:

```sh
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Include any additional dependencies you need in `requirements.txt`.

## The Challenge

In this Django project, it already contains 2 Django models, dummy data and basic setup.

1. Category
2. Book

The **first task** is implementation two APIs (using [Django Ninja](https://django-ninja.dev/)):

1. List all Category
2. Create Book

> The **second task** is to migrate `tags` field (semicolon separated string) from existing Book to seperated Django model.

Reviewer: Should we be more descriptive about the new model `class Book(models.Model)` like the structure? As the second task primarily check the ability of the candidate to write DB migrations.

Reviewer: :question:  And should we swap the order of task 1 and task 2? Or else user will be creating a Book with outdated model spec.

# 7Learnings backend Code Challenges

The 7Learnings code challenge is an opportunity to demonstrate proficiency in the problem solving skills we expect you to use at 7Learnings.

## Coding environment

At 7Learnings, we use Python 3.12 as the main coding language. So it's strongly encouraged to create isolated Python environment using [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) to prepare yourself for the challenge.

First, create a python environment and install required packages:

```sh
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

> ```

Reviewer 2: ~Could also provide command how to run the app.~
probably not necessary

Include any additional dependencies you need in `requirements.txt`.

## The Challenge

In this Django project, it already contains 2 Django models, dummy data and basic setup.

1. Category
2. Book

> The **first task** is to migrate `tags` field (semicolon separated string) from existing `Book` model to seperated Django model. You're free to modify the Book model and decide fields in the new model.

Reviewer 2: :+1: i think this description \+ looking at source code for Book model suffices to understand the task. It is also not too heavy on detail to leave something up to the candidate.

> The **second task** is implementation the following APIs (using [Django Ninja](https://django-ninja.dev/)):
> 
> 1. List all Category
> 2. List all Tag
> 3. Create Book

Reviewer 2: List all Category and List all Tag seems a bit repetitive.
I would suggest
```suggestion
The **second task** is implementation the following APIs (using [Django Ninja](https://django-ninja.dev/)):

1. Create book
2. List all books containing all given tags (search by tags, possible to specify no tags, in which case all books should be returned)

(Extra) Add pagination to step 2
```
